# Undisciplining the Victorian Classroom

This is the main repository for the [Undisciplining the Victorian Classroom](https://undiscipliningvc.org/) (UVC) site, structured as follows:

## Levels
* **Level 1:** The home page of UVC (/index.html)

* **Level 2:** Cluster pages, i.e., pages for the main sections of the site, including /html/about.html, /html/assessments.html, /html/lesson_plans.html, /html/syllabi.html, /html/zoomcasts.html

* **Level 3:** Content pages, i.e., pages that present the content of the site, in particular all files in the following subdirectories: /html/about, /html/assessments, /html/lesson_plans, /html/syllabi, /html/zoomcasts; also includes two standalone files in the root directory: /404.html and /sitemap.html

* **Level 4:** Downloadable files, i.e., all the files that appear in /pdf

## Subdirectories in the Root Directory
* **0_dev:** Files needed for developing the site. These include a set of empty directories (used to generate derivative images), icons, a sample annotated HTML file, and the UVC peer review stamp. Also includes workflows, Python scripts, corresponding CSV and HTML, and misc other files used to  generate content pages.

* **bash:** Scripts to develop the site. These include scripts to run a local server in Python and to push changes from the dev to production branches.

* **common:** HTML fragment files that are injected via jQuery into all the HTML files of the site. These include files for site navigation and the footer.

* **css:** All the site's CSS files. Each file is annotated for function and to indicate, as relevant, sources of code.

* **fonts:** At present just the font to create the main UVC logo.

* **html:** All the site's HTML files, except for those in the "common" and root directories. See levels 2 and 3, above.

* **img:** All the site's images. These include the site's social media image and images divided into subdirectories that correspond to the parts of the site where the images are used.

* **js:** All the site's JS files. Each file is annotated for function and to indicate, as relevant, sources of code.

* **pdf:** All the site's publicly downloadable files. See level 4, above. These include .docx, .pdf, and .txt files. A subdirectory called "guidelines" includes checklists for preparing assessments, lesson plans, syllabi, and zoomcasts for publication plus the UVC house style guidelines.

## Loose Files in the Root Directory
* **404.html:** Users are directed to this page when they try to access a page of the UVC site that doesn't exist.

* **CNAME:** Contains the domain name of the site.

* **favicon.ico:** Link to the icon used by browser tabs. See 0_dev/icons-for-resizing for the original of this fie.

* **index.html:** The site's home page.

* **README.md:** The current page.

* **robots.txt:** Tells search engine crawlers which site page should be indexed and followed.

* **site.webmanifest:** A metadata file that includes items such as the site's name, description, icons, and background/theme colors

* **sitemap.html:** A site map in HTML format.

* **sitemap.xml:** A site map in XML format. Automatically generated by [Free Online Sitemap Generator](www.xml-sitemaps.com).